# RSM3000
This will be a project home for the Array of Five team taking Advanced C++ at DMACC (Fall 2022). The project will be a restaurant seating manager (RSM3000) used to assign diners to available seats in a simulated restaurant. 

## Discription
The goal of this program will be to allow a restaurant hostess to assign parties of various sizes to a variety of different table types based on preference and availability. The program will also allow the hostess to clear a table when the patrons leave to make it available to be used again. The program will accept a number of diners and a seating preference and determine if their request can be accommodated and if not, what other option they might have. If there are no seats available that the diner will accept, they will have the option to wait in the lobby and have a number assigned to them so they may be seated in order of arriving when their preferred table becomes available. At any time, the hostess will be able to display a list of the current occupancy of all tables in the restaurant based on table type and see how many people are currently waiting and for which type of table. Our group will be communicating throughout this project within our Discord group. We will assign the different parts of the project to individuals and require at least weekly updates on their progress. Clear expectations will be set for completion times and team members will be encouraged to ask for help if they feel they are falling behind with their section of the project.
Our group has defined a list of seven objectives to be completed by the five of us. The objectives are as follows: creating a seating group class, inputting the restaurant’s seating groups, creating a database to store seating data, creating the interface for the server to input group size and seating preference, creating a lobby/waiting system, creating an output option to show tables’ occupancy status, and deciding on the order of prioritization each seating group should have (Is a table for 4 or a booth for 8 more accurate for a party of 4 who wants a booth?). For our current role distribution, we have Drew working on the seating group class and lobby system, Zak working on the database, Antony working on restaurant seating group input, Benjamin working on server input, Jaeydon working on creating an output showing which tables are filled, and all of us collaborating to decide on the order of prioritization.
We plan on completing the seating group class by September 25th, the database by September 27th, the seating group input and diner input by September 29th, the lobby system by October 1st, and the output options by October 3rd, which allows for last minute changes on the 4th. We find that this gives each individual ample time to complete their assigned work. As previously mentioned, we will also be checking in weekly if any group members are running into roadblocks or need extra help on any part of the project.
